Release/4.0 (#556)
SimpleDataLabsInc/prophecy-docs: docs/analysts/development/pipelines.md

---
title: Pipelines
id: pipelines
description: Use pipelines in SQL projects
tags:
  - SQL
  - pipeline
  - analyst
---

> Pipelines in SQL projects utilize the Prophecy runtime and a connected SQL warehouse to perform data ingestion, transformation, and output. You can build pipelines to read and write data to your SQL warehouse, or you can take it one step further and directly read from and write to external sources such as Tableau or Salesforce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL project pipelines utilize the Prophecy runtime and a connected SQL warehouse to perform data ingestion, transformation, and output. You can build pipelines to read and write data to your SQL warehouse, or read directly from and write to external sources such as Tableau or Salesforce.
```
Suggestion: I moved and removed some words and think the intro is clearer this way.

Author: Love it
